Description of explorers: Explorers – Virtuosos (ISTP), Adventurers (ISFP), Entrepreneurs (ESTP), and Entertainers (ESFP) – tend to be self-reliant and quick-thinking. These personality types don’t mind handling uncertain situations on the fly – in fact, they live for those types of situations. Explorers’ flexibility helps them to adapt to the moment, even if they don’t feel particularly prepared. These types tend not to be obsessed with precise detail – unless they’re really in the zone,in which case they can muster a level of precision and focus that would make a seasoned engineer blush with envy. Usually, they prefer workability and usefulness to perfection. Explorer personalities enjoy learning different tools andtechniques, from rotary saws to sheet music to emergency response strategies. Explorers can change their minds with minimal regret or second-guessing. People in this Role dislike monotony, and they may stray from their obligations in order to try new things. If these personality types sometimes l eave business unfinished, let clutter build up, or misplace important things – it’s because they’ve moved on to something fresh.These types enjoy being free of obligations, where they can indulge themselves or their interests on their own time. They love delving into something interesting, but their interest tends to wane as soon as something becomes “mandatory.” An Explorer personality might design and build their own dream house, but end up procrastinating on simple repairs after a few years.This free-form attitude can make Explorer personalities socially dynamic as well. Their spontaneity draws them to appealing strangers and interesting experiences. When things get in the way of a good time, they apply their ingenuity to get around it. Explorers want to see what happens next! Explorers enjoy eing on the leading edge of things – whether that means having the latest technology, trying out fashion trends, or checking out the newest restaurant in town. Many Explorer personalities enjoy sharing these findings with others, and they take pride in introducing their friends and loved ones to the latest and greatest things. The result is that time spent with Explorers is almost never boringor repetitive – and Explorers wouldn’t have it any other way.